Fix spelling of DevURLs (#88)
cdr/docs: admin/devurls.md

> Developer (Dev) URLs allow users to access the ports of services they are

Author: This space is cool

developing within their environment. However, before individual developers can

> set up DevURLs, an administrator must configure and enable DevURL usage.

Author: ```suggestion
set up Dev URLs, an administrator must configure and enable Dev URL usage.
```

This should actually still have a space.
